# 


amy enters the school sees her friend taking down posters hurriedly. amy is in the middle of a wave to her friend before she realizes how stressed her friend is. hey amand- she starts to say before the words die in her throat. she is also cut off by her friend turning a little to fast at hearing her voice, the panic is clear in her voice. Amy! what are-. amanda tries to readjust the papers in her hands but due to the unexpected appearence of her friend she slips, letting a few papers fall to the floor. one, ofcourse lands in front of Amy. amanda seeing amy stoop to pick it up reaches for her dropping the rest of the papers time seems to slow for amanda as she tries to tell Amy not to look at what it says. the smile dies on Amy's lips as she sees herself at her worst in a picture of herself. it's her. bed head, no makeup, a huge zit on her face. she remembers that blemish. it wasn't 2 weeks ago. she looks around at the crowed of students looking at her, horrified by the realization most if not all of them are holding similar papers to the one she is holding. she would have known how many where actually holding copies if the tears hadn't already started to distort her vision. This situation was already bad enough without her breaking down in front of the entire school. She looked around for some kind of explanation. 
"I'm sorry". She hears a new voice. Even through the tears blurring her vision she can just make out her recent hazy friend. The new girl in school who had trouble fitting in untill amy and amanda had invited her to the movies, they had hung out since for the past 2 weeks. no, it couldn't possibly be her. it had to be someone else. not the down troden girl who everyone seemed too eager to brush the wrong way in the halls, to see if during their passing they could force a book from clare's hands to see her scramble for them. she was too new to tell one tormentor from the next — it felt like she wore a target on her back, on her forehead, stitched into whatever shirt she put on that morning. these indicators, while unseen, were felt with every pinch and elbow jabbed into her ribs. her bullies were cunning to hurt; the more cunning of them had somehow cordinating the perfectly timed trip in the cafateria while she was carring her plate. the new girl, Clare, calls to her, "please understand, it was the only way!"
A new cloud of a person emerges from the mass of colors it puts a hand over, no around the shoulder of clare and leans on her, "what? Oh please, dont tell me you'refeel8ng sorry for ,bed face over there. I mean dont get me wrong i know we cant all be this pretty. But, well. Look at it this way. If we were all pretty then none of us would be now would we? In fact we should be thankinf amy for making us look better. You know, by comparison." She begins the laughter and is quickly joined in by her crew. 
the laughter was infecsous as the rest of the school joined in. she could hear them laughing. it hurt just as much as it would if she could see them. they were pointing too weren't they? ofcourse they were. just like in every tv show she watched when someone got humiliated. amy begins to feel her body starting to slowly turn on her as well. she feels hot, she can't think of a single thing to say. she wishes she could breathe normally, or at least didn't feel like her heart was going to decide to explode at any minute. her legs feel like pool noodles yet they're moving. carrying her to the only place with the slightest bit of privousy. 
she slams the door behind her, blindly heading to the first corner of the room she contacts. she sinks down with her back against it, hard enough to sting. she doesn't care. she wishes it hurt worse. maybe that would have taken up a bit more of her attention. only when she fully hides her face in her knees and arms does she finally feel safe enough to begin crying. she now allows the feelings to overtake her. amy wishes she could somehow pull the tears out faster, hurry this part of her life into the past to be forgotten. ofcourse it was britney. even her name was a cliché. her and the popular girls. like that gave them some right to torment whoever they want. 
"oh, amy". she feels a weight over her, beginning to squeeze her in her little protective shell she tried to make for herself. she smells the faint perfume of her friend amanda. "they had no right to do that to you".
"why me? why is it always me?", amy begins whenever the tears allow her. "there are so many people in this school. why does she hate me the most? why am i her only target?" the hug grows tighter. "oh, you know that's not true." amanda tries to assure her. "you know she's just like that to everyone".
amy shakes her head within the cucoon. "no. not like this. ever since kindergarden when she would 'help' me with my fingerpaints or 'tighten' my hair". amy sniffles. "she has had it out for me, specificly, since day one."
amanda at a loss for words tries to fomulate something, anything that might possibly help her friend feel better. theres a soft tap at the door. "a-amy. it's... it's me. please, you have to understand. i didn't want to do it but britney said i could join her group if i took that picture. i just couldn't stand feeling so left out, and when britney-"
"what? and that makes it ok?" amanda shoots back at her. "you weren't left out you had us. we were having fun. or so i thought... i didn't know you were a—a, some kind of—" The room went quiet for a beat. "Secret agent for Britney!" "it wasn't the whole time. just 2 days ago." they hear the door confess. "britney somehow heard about your slumber party and she knew that would be the best time to find something about you"
"well, you did a great job for your new master. how did she reward you for that? did she call you a good girl and let you wear their clip?"
"look, i. there were worst things i could have taken pictures of. those photos of her as a child taking a bath. her credit card, how she still sleeps with an old plush. i thought this wasn't going to be so bad. the mole wasn't going to last and she can fix her hair-"
"it was a zit!" amy cries out from between her knees. "it wasn't a mole like britney said. just a blemish it didn't look that bad!" amanda runs her hand along amy's back as she talks to clare through the door. "and that's all supposed to make it ok?" amanda retorts sarcasticly "hey, clare, thanks for not totally ruining amy's life. it was really cool of you to throw her under the buss only a little bit so you could join friends who will dump you as soon as you have no use. we really appreciate it."
the girls hear clare gasp. "what! they, they wouldn't do that to me. they gave me their pin, i mean they're going to. i'm one of them now" the door bursts open. all three of the girls jump as britney enters with her squad. "yeah, that's right. she is one of us now. pin and all. and don't worry clare, we'll get you that pin, eventually." 
she waltzs to stand infront of the two huddled girls simultaniously beaming and glaring at her handywork. "you know. i heard it's healthy to cry. get's rid of a lot of toxins in the body. who knows maybe it will help you get prettier."
"leave me alone briney" amy yells at her. raising her face. her makeup has smugged past any repair and follows the rivulets her tears have etched into the hard work of this morning.
"oops" britney puts a hand over her mouth careful not to touch her lipstick. "i guess i was wrong. well, don't worry sweety. makup can do wonders!"
amanda yells at britney above the possy's laughter seeing amy's head retreat back into the hole she created for it, her body shuders with sobs, "haven't you done enough britney? look at her she's a mess!"
britney puts her hands up in mock suplication. "woah, hey, you said it not me. i'm just telling her how she can be cuter. trying to make everyone else feel better. and besides. she's strong. she can take it. she hasn't broken." britney smirks. "yet... come on girls. we have better things to do than watch a sad girl make another river. we're out!" she snaps her fingers as a command leading the others away. they file out through the door. clare hangs back wanting to say something. wanting to make it better on any level but as she searches for the words one of britney's lackys opens the door. "hey, what are you doing? come on!" clare looks from the girl to the two girls in the corner back and forth, unsure. amanda yells at her, "go, just, go. earn your reward for what you did. we don't want to see you again."
clare backs out slowly, "i'm. i wish. it was the only way." clare runs out of the room as the girl who came back for her lets the door begin to close when she is sure clare has started to finally follow them, the door practicly closes on clare's face. she jerks back just in time to keep the door from giving her a painful kiss. she looks back once more and leaves the two friends to try picking up the shards in britney's wake.

clare runs out of the room as the girl who came back for her watches just long enough to see her start to follow — that's all she needed to see — and lets the door go without another thought. it swings shut fast enough to nearly catch clare in the face; she flinches back just in time. nobody looks back to check. she looks back once more, herself, and leaves the two friends to try picking up the shards in britney's wake.

you know she is going to dump you as soon as she doesn't need you anymore right?


to much or not enough. she hasn't broken, yet.






told a girl she could join if she took a bad photo of amy


amy bathroom crying



